
		New Computer Modern Fonts
           (Package version 1.002, GustFLv1 or later)

NewCM10, NewCMSans10, NewCMMath: Version 1.001

NewCMMono10: Version 1.002

		Antonis Tsolomitis
		Samos, Greece, 2019

This is the first release of a new assembly of ComputerModern 
fonts plus glyphs for non latin alphabets which are considered 
compatible in style to CM fonts.

The fonts contain Latin and accented latin letters and combinations,
Greek (monotonic and polytonic) and Cyrillic.

Curently they are distributed only at 10pt-size but more sizes 
will be available in the near future. However, priority will be
given to the completeness in language support to the 10pt-size,
as the view is to have a font that works by default with 
a broad set of languages.

They differ from Latin Modern in that they contain Greek and Cyrillic.

They differ from cm-unicode in that the latin part is more extended,
the are adjusted to work easier for users of the Greek language 
(Small Caps and other Lookups should work in all scripts).

They differ from both LatinModern and cm-unicode in that the BoldSans 
font is properly designed and they are not just the stroke extension
of the SansRegular. This currently covers Latin but soon it will
cover Greek and Cyrillic. It also differs in that the kerning table
for Greek is much improved.

NewComputerModern will try to be a language-complete font (as much as
this is possible). So if you can provide information about glyphs for
any language not covered at this point, I will gladly add the glyphs.
Please notice that I will not design new glyphs from scratch. I will 
gladly correct faulty splines or compose a character from existing 
ones (such as accented) but the suggested to be added glyphs, must be
available from some source. For example, I know that a compatible
to cm font for Hebrew exists but I do not have any information more 
than that.

As far as the NewCMMath font is concerned, this is the same with 
lm-math with BoldSans glyphs improved. So if you do not need BoldSans, 
please use lm-math. The credit belongs to the developers of lm-math. 
Work in math fonts is very very demanding. I do not want to take 
any credit that belongs to others. However, more imrovements will follow.

---------------------------------------

Version 1.002 for the Mono fonts have considerable improved iota
and all polytonic accents of Greek.

Thanks to Professor Claudio Beccari for providing information 
about the need for this improvement.

Antonis Tsolomitis
Professor
University of the Aegean
Department of Mathematics
Samos, Greece
atsol@aegean.gr

